{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23660\viewh12200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Read Me \
\
Currently_on_Death_Row.csv is a dataset of the 227 individuals currently on Death Row in the State of Texas (as of 2018/12/11). The list of individuals of death row is compiled and maintained by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice and was last updated on December 5, 2018. The data found in this file is available as a web-based table at http://www.tdcj.texas.gov/death_row/dr_offenders_on_dr.htmll \
\
The data was scraped using the Currently_on_Death_Row.py file and saved as a .csv. The python source code is included in this folder, with a copy included in the SRC folder. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Key Words: \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
death penalty, capital punishment, Texas criminal justice system, death row \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Suggested Citation: \
Texas Department of Criminal Justice. Death Row Information: Offenders on Death Row. Texas Department of Criminal Justice [distributor]. Huntsville, TX. (last updated 5 December 2018). Retrieved from \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 http://www.tdcj.texas.gov/death_row/dr_offenders_on_dr.html\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
The data is stored as follows:\
\
Column 1: TDCJ Number\
Column 2: Last Name\
Column 3: First Name\
Column 4: Date of Birth\
Column 5: Race  \
Column 6: Date Received  \
Column 7: County \
Column 8: Date of Offense}