{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16860\viewh12180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Read Me \
\
Executions_1982-Present.csv is a dataset of the 557 individuals executed in the State of Texas (as of December 11, 2018). The list of executed individuals is compiled and maintained by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice and was last updated on December 5, 2018. The data found in this file is available as a web-based table at http://www.tdcj.texas.gov/death_row/dr_executed_offenders.html\
\
The data was scraped using the Executions_1982-Present.py file and saved as a .csv. The python source code is included in this folder, with a copy included in the SRC folder. \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Key Words: \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
death penalty, capital punishment, Texas criminal justice system, death row, executions, lethal injection \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Suggested Citation: \
Texas Department of Criminal Justice. Death Row Information: Executed Offenders. Texas Department of Criminal Justice [distributor]. Huntsville, TX. (last updated 5 December 2018). http://www.tdcj.texas.gov/death_row/dr_executed_offenders.html\
\
The data is stored as follows:\
\
Column 1: Last Name\
Column 2: First Name\
Column 3:TDCJ Number\
Column 4: Age at Execution\
Column 5: Date of Execution\
Column 6: Race \
Column 7: County 
\f1\fs24 \
\
}