{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25040\viewh17840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Read Me\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Execution Database is a database of capital executions in the United States from 1977 to Present. This list of 1488 executions was compiled by the Death Penalty Information Center (DPIC) and compiled from from news reports, state Departments of Corrections, and NAACP Legal Defense Fund.\'a0County and victim-gender information was provided to the DPIC by Professor Frank Baumgartner of the University of North Carolina.\'a0\
\
This database was retrieved from https://deathpenaltyinfo.org/views-executions\
This is the latest version of the Execution Database as of December 11, 2018. \
\
Suggested Citation: \
Death Penalty Information Center, The Execution Database. Washington, D.C.: The Death Penalty Information Center [distributor], 2018. Retrieved from https://deathpenaltyinfo.org/views-executions\
\
Key Words: death penalty, capital punishment, criminal justice system, executions\
\
Data in this file is stored as follows: \
\
Column 1: Date (MM/DD/YYYY)\
Column 2: Name (First Last)\
Column 3: Age\
Column 4: Sex (M/F)\
Column 5: Race \
Column 6: Number /Race / Sex of Victims \
Column 7: State \
Column 8: Geographical Region* \
Column 9: Method \
Column 10: Juvenile \
Column 11: Federal* \
Column 12: Volunteer*\
Column 13: Foreign National\
Column 14: County \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb1 *Column Notes: 
\b \
Geographical regions
\b0 \'a0are listed as determined by the Bureau of Justice Statistics. Federal Executions are included in the region in which the crime occurred.\uc0\u8232 
\b M
\b0 \'a0= Midwest\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\b S
\b0 \'a0= South\uc0\u8232 
\b N
\b0 \'a0= Northeast\'a0\'a0
\b W
\b0 \'a0= West\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b Federal Executions
\b0 \'a0have their own category within the state column, designated as FE.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Volunteers
\b0  are individuals who waived at least part of\'a0their\'a0ordinary appeals or who terminated proceedings that would have entitled them to additional process prior to their execution.\
}